>> On "Journeys into the Soul."
>> She wants to be
accepted by all.
When she feels that
that's not happening,
she digs her heels in and
works harder to be understood.
>> This week on Gaia.
On "The Retreat."
>> We're connecting to
the elements of nature.
And we're connecting
to the elements that
are within us, our own nature.
When that happens, you
push out what you're not.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars."
>> Once we understand what's
been hidden within certain texts
and images, another story
starts to show itself.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> I witnessed something walk
into that light that had to be 7
to 8 feet tall.
Whether we want to
call them alien or not,
they definitely seem
to have this ability
to traverse our dimension.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Remote viewing is
about 60% to 65% accurate.
It's not 100%.
>> Correct.
>> And nobody ever said
it was going to be 100%.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks."
>> The energy that we bind at
other times in our life really
is what gives us access to
the quantum, to the field,
to the field of
all possibilities.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]